README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋, my name is Llinvile de Jongh

### Graduate Data Scientist 
**Data Scientist | Business Management Graduate | Machine Learning Enthusiast**  
📍 Based in Cape Town, South Africa | 💼 Currently working at Sanlam
---

## 🧑‍🎓 About Me  

I am a **Data Scientist** with a background in **Business Management** and a **Data Science Certificate** from Stellenbosch University in partnership with HyperionDev.  
Additionally, I have completed a **Mathematics for Data Science Skills Certificate (Coursera)** to strengthen my foundation in statistics, probability, and linear algebra.  

My goal is to combine my **business knowledge** with **data science and machine learning** to build data-driven solutions that solve real-world problems.
 
---
## 🔧 Tech Stack  
### **Programming & Tools**  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white)

### **Data Science & Machine Learning**  
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scikit_Learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557C?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=white)

### **Data Visualization**  
![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=for-the-badge&logo=Tableau&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-5C8DBC?style=for-the-badge)
![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white)

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Llinvile&show_icons=true&theme=radical" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Llinvile&theme=radical" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</div>

---
## 🎯 Career Goals  

I aim to grow into a **Data Scientist / Machine Learning Engineer** role, specializing in applying data-driven solutions to business and financial problems.  

---

## 📫 Let's Connect!  
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/llinvile-de-jongh-853742248/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:dllinvile@gmail.com)
[![Kaggle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kaggle-20BEFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=kaggle&logoColor=white)](https://kaggle.com/llinviledejongh)

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Llinvile&label=Profile%20Views&color=blueviolet&style=flat" alt="Profile Views" />
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated profile and skills
Updated personal introduction and career goals. Revised tech stack and added new skills.

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋, I'm **Llinvile de Jongh**

### **Data Scientist | Data Analyst | Financial Data Enthusiast** 
📍 Based in Cape Town, South Africa | 💼 Currently working at Sanlam
---

## 🧑‍🎓 About Me  

**Data Science & Analytics professional skilled in Python, SQL, and predictive modelling, with a strong focus on financial and operational datasets.  
I build end-to-end analytical solutions that combine clear insights, business-friendly reporting, and interactive dashboards for non-technical stakeholders.  
Currently developing polished churn and credit-risk case studies designed for real-world decision-making and recruiter review.**
 
---

## 🔧 Tech Stack  

### **Programming & Tools**  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white)

### **Data Science & Machine Learning**  
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scikit_Learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![spaCy](https://img.shields.io/badge/spaCy-09A3D5?style=for-the-badge&logo=spacy&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557C?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-5C8DBC?style=for-the-badge)
![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white)

### **Data Visualization**  
![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=for-the-badge&logo=Tableau&logoColor=white)

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Llinvile&show_icons=true&theme=radical" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Llinvile&theme=radical" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</div>

---
## 🎯 Career Goals  

To build a strong career in **Data Science and Data Analytics**, using data to drive insights, predictive modelling,  
and business decision-making within financial services, banking, insurance, and customer-focused environments.

---

## 📫 Let's Connect!  
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/llinvile-de-jongh-853742248/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:dllinvile@gmail.com)
[![Kaggle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kaggle-20BEFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=kaggle&logoColor=white)](https://kaggle.com/llinviledejongh)

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Llinvile&label=Profile%20Views&color=blueviolet&style=flat" alt="Profile Views" />
</p>
